.\" Proxytester man page created by Sam Gleske Mon Mar 29 2010
.TH proxytester 1 "March 29, 2010" PROXYTESTER "Proxytester\-0.6"
.\"
.\" NAME part
.\"
.SH NAME
proxytester \- a network utility written in Python to test proxy servers from a proxy list and determines if they are working
.\"
.\" SYNOPSIS part
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "proxytester [\-O " outFile "] " fileList
.br
.BI "proxytester [\-GET " url "] [\-E] [\-MT] [\-Q] [\-T " timeout "] [\-U] [\-W]
.br
.BI "            [\-O " outFile "] [\-RESPONSE " inFile "] " fileList
.br
.B proxytester \-\-help
.br
.B proxytester \-\-license
.\"
.\" DESCRIPTION part
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Proxytester
takes a proxy list as input and then tests the addresses to ensure that they are still available for use. This program can also generate a wpad.dat file which can be used by browsers. The wpad.dat file uses the working list of proxies and each time the browser makes a request it will select a random proxy which makes the user virtually impossible to track.
.\"
.\" PARAMETER part
.\"
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.I fileList
1 or more file paths to a proxy list.
.TP
.BR /?
Shows the help dialog.  Also \-help and \-\-help work.
.TP
.BR \-GET
Specify a link to test the proxy server against.
.br
If \-GET url is not specified then this will get Google.com.
.TP
.BR \-E
Proxy list of proxy servers to exclude from testing. They will be excluded if they're in this list even if they work.  
.TP
.IR inFile
File path to plain text file to be read.
.TP
.BR \-license
Display the MIT License. Also \-\-license works.
.TP
.BR \-MT
Multi\-Threading support to process proxy lists faster.       
.TP
.BR \-O
Outputs a proxy list of working proxies based on given options.
.TP
.IR outFile
File path where output is written to a plain text file.      
.TP
.BR \-Q
Suppress all overwrite prompts.                              
.TP
.BR \-RESPONSE
Read and compare the server response with the input file to ensure the proxy server is working and not just showing any HTML page.
.TP
.BR \-T
Manually set the HTTP timeout for proxy servers.             
.TP
.IR timeout
Timeout number in seconds. The shorter the timeout the faster the proxies must be to respond.                              
.br
    1 \- or lower for high performance proxies
.br
    3 \- average performance proxies
.br
    5 \- or more for slower proxies
.br
    Default is 3. Any range in between numbers work.
.TP
.BR \-U
Creates a unique list of proxy servers with no duplicates.
.TP
.IR url
Internet URL to test for retrieval by the proxy server. This is usually a restricted URL that is being blocked.
.br
If \-GET url is not specified then this will get Google.com.
.TP
.BR \-W
Generates a wpad.dat file.                                   
.\"
.\" Proxy List Part
.\"
.SH PROXY LIST
A proxy list is a plain text file. In the proxy list each new line must contain a single server with the following format.                           
.br
.IR server:port
.\"
.\" EXAMPLES part
.\"
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Test proxy servers and generate a new list (Minimum arguments)
.br
.B proxytester \-o
.I new_proxy_list.txt proxylist1.txt
.TP
Test proxy servers, generate a new list, and excluding testing some servers. 
.br
.BI "proxytester " proxylist1.txt " \-e " exclude.txt " \-o " new_proxy_list.txt
.TP
Test proxy servers against a response to ensure that they really work.
.br
.BI "proxytester \-get " http://www.example.com/proxytest.html " \-response " ./proxytest.html " \-o " new_proxy_list.txt " "  proxylist1.txt
.PP
The \-RESPONSE switch is normally used with the \-GET switch but not always.  Sometimes a user wishes to test if the proxy is truly a transparent proxy so the \-RESPONSE switch was devised to ensure this.  Just create your own dummy html page and upload it to your own web server.  Then call that page using the \-GET switch and check it against a local copy of the same html page using the \-RESPONSE switch. This is the best method for testing anonymous proxies\!
.PP
Options don't have to be in any particular order as long as the command format 
is followed. Refer to the Command Format to see what switches are followed by  
arguments.
.\"
.\" AUTHOR PART
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Sam Gleske \- sam.mxracer@gmail.com
.PP
Copyright (c) 2009 Proxy Tester Project, Sam Gleske
.br
Licensed under the MIT License (see command line options for viewing)
.br
Project website: 
.I http://sourceforge.net/projects/proxytest
.\"
.\" FILES part
.\"
.SH FILES



